Implement new concept exercise for extension methods (#1585)
exercism/csharp: exercises/concept/log-analysis/.docs/instructions.md

# Instructions

In this exercise you will be adding extension-methods on the string type to make it easier to deal with logs. Extension-methods express intent of the code, make code more readable, and add common functionality.

The goal is to add extension-methods that abstract away the logic of finding out certain things about the log messages.

```csharp
var log = "[Error]: {Line 20} - 'Critical error found'";

log.WordCount(); // => returns 7

log.LogLevel(); // => returns "Error"

log.LogLine(); // => returns "20"

log.Truncate(10); // => returns "[Error]: {Line 20} - 'Critical error found'"

log.Truncate(5); // => returns "Error - 20"
```

## 1. Implement the extension method WordCount

> Implement the `.Word()` method to return the total of all words in the string. A 'word' in this case is just any string separated by a space.

Reviewer: Each task should contain an example of a invocation and its return value.

# Instructions

In this exercise you'll be processing log-lines.

Each log line is a string formatted as follows: `"[<LEVEL>]: <MESSAGE>"`.

There are three different log levels:

- `INFO`
- `WARNING`
- `ERROR`

You have several tasks, each of which will take a log line and ask you to do something with it.

## 1. Allow retrieving the string after a specific substring

Looking at the logs of the last month, you see that the test message is always located after a specific substring. As you're anticipating having to extract the test message sometime in the near future, you decide to create a helper method to help you with that.

Implement the (_static_) `LogAnalysis.SubstringAfter()` extension method, that takes in some string delimeter and returns the substring after the delimiter.

```csharp
var log = "[INFO]: File Deleted.";
log.SubstringAfter(": "); // => returns "File Deleted."
```

## 2. Allow retrieving the string in between two substrings

> On further inspection, you see that the log level is always located between two substrings. As you're also anticipating having to extract the log level sometime in the near future, you decide to create a another helper method to help you with that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On further inspection, you see that the log level is always located between square brackets (`[` and `]`). As you're also anticipating having to extract the log level sometime in the near future, you decide to create a another helper method to help you with that.
```
